DIRECTED___
smashed.CycleWorkSpace.checkNeighborAction(Vertex, Vertex) OK

UNDIRECTED___
smashed.Graph.addEdge(Vertex, Vertex, int) OK
smashed.Graph.addEdge(Vertex, Vertex) OK

WEIGHTED___
smashed.Graph.addAnEdge(Vertex, Vertex, int) OK
smashed.Graph.addEdge(Vertex, Vertex, int) OK
smashed.Graph.display() OK
smashed.Vertex.addWeight(int)	 ok
smashed.Vertex.adjustAdorns(Vertex, int) ok
smashed.Vertex.display() ok
smashed.Vertex.VertexConstructor() ok

SEARCH___
smashed.Graph.GraphSearch(WorkSpace) ok
smashed.Graph.nodeSearch(Vertex, WorkSpace) ok
smashed.Vertex.bftNodeSearch(WorkSpace) ok
smashed.Vertex.display() ok
smashed.Vertex.init_vertex(WorkSpace) OK
smashed.Vertex.VertexConstructor() ok

BFS___
smashed.Graph.GraphSearch(WorkSpace) ok

NUMBER___
smashed.Graph.NumberVertices() ok
smashed.Graph.run(Vertex) ok
smashed.NumberWorkSpace.NumberWorkSpace() ok 
smashed.NumberWorkSpace.preVisitAction(Vertex) ok
smashed.Vertex.display() ok

CONNECTED___
smashed.Graph.ConnectedComponents() ok
smashed.Graph.run(Vertex) ok
smashed.RegionWorkSpace.init_vertex(Vertex) OK
smashed.RegionWorkSpace.postVisitAction(Vertex) ok 
smashed.RegionWorkSpace.RegionWorkSpace() ok
smashed.Vertex.display() ok

STRONGLYCONNECTED___
smashed.FinishTimeWorkSpace.FinishTimeWorkSpace() OK
smashed.FinishTimeWorkSpace.postVisitAction(Vertex) OK
smashed.FinishTimeWorkSpace.preVisitAction(Vertex) OK
smashed.Graph.run(Vertex) ok
smashed.Graph.StrongComponents() ok
smashed.Vertex.display() ok
smashed.WorkSpaceTranspose.nextRegionAction(Vertex) ok
smashed.WorkSpaceTranspose.preVisitAction(Vertex) ok
smashed.WorkSpaceTranspose.WorkSpaceTranspose() ok

CYCLE___
smashed.CycleWorkSpace.checkNeighborAction(Vertex, Vertex) OK
smashed.CycleWorkSpace.CycleWorkSpace() OK
smashed.CycleWorkSpace.init_vertex(Vertex) OK
smashed.CycleWorkSpace.postVisitAction(Vertex) OK
smashed.CycleWorkSpace.preVisitAction(Vertex) OK
smashed.Graph.CycleCheck() OK
smashed.Graph.run(Vertex) ok
smashed.Vertex.display() ok

MSTPRIM___
smashed.Graph.Prim(Vertex) ok
smashed.Graph.run(Vertex) ok
smashed.Vertex.display() ok

MSTKRUSKAL___
smashed.Edge.Edge(Vertex, Vertex, int) ok
smashed.Graph.Kruskal() ok
smashed.Graph.run(Vertex) ok
smashed.Vertex.display() ok

SHORTEST___
smashed.Graph.run(Vertex) ok
smashed.Graph.ShortestPath(Vertex)
smashed.Vertex.display()
